My name is Davey Lose. I studied biochemistry at the University of Lurven in Belgium, and
after that time I did a PhD in the same area. When I was a young child I believed in the
Bible, but growing up I kind of lost my interest in it. When you go to university and you study
life sciences or biochemistry for example, you get introduced into the idea of the origin
of life very quickly and also into the principle of evolution. The professors who talk these
courses, they were really scientists with long careers and they were well-established scientists
and we had a lot of respect for them so there was just no way to really question the principle
of evolution. In 1999 there was a war in Europe in Kosovo and I remember reading in the Bible
as a child about the future events that would take place and I started wondering whether the
war in Kosovo was one of those events so that led me to pick up the Bible again. At the time I felt
that I had to re-examine my beliefs about the origin of life and also about the principle of evolution.
Based on the theory of evolution we would expect to see an abundancy of transitional forms to be
present in the fossil record but when we do look at the fossil evidence we just don't see that.
We see that the major species come into existence at specific times and their form and structure
is still exactly the same as their form and structure today. It was actually Darwin himself who
wrote in his book that the biggest objection that could be brought against his theory would be
the fact that the fossil record does not show an abundance of transitional forms
and that's what really happened if you look at the set of data the fossil record seems to prove
the opposite of evolution. As a biochemist I had the opportunity to learn about and study many
different biomolecules and I observed that pretty much every biomolecule is really a complex molecule
we can look at them as nanoscale molecular motors or machines that are performing very complex
and specific tasks. For me the complexity that we see in nature and the complexity and those
molecules points to the fact that they're really as a creator.